Update notices about future fqdn change (#2864)
DataDog/datadog-agent: docs/agent/hostname-resolution.md

_Edit 2018-09-18 : Highlight the differences between Windows and other OSes._

> _Edit 2018-11-21 : The default value of the new `hostname_fqdn` flag is planned to change in some future version instead of 6.4.0 to give users more time to take it into account and evaluate impact_

Reviewer: date needs an update

- Upgrading from Agent v5 to Agent >= v6.3: enable the `hostname_fqdn` option in the Agent v6 configuration to ensure that you will keep the same hostname.

- Upgrading from Agent v5 to Agent v6 (a future version which uses the fqdn by default): you don’t need to take any action.

> - If you wish to keep the current behavior of Agent v6 for now, set hostname_fqdn to false so that the hostname doesn't change in a future version. We recommend you switch hostname_fqdn to true whenever possible.

Reviewer: Could be reworded to:
```suggestion
- If you wish to ensure the current default behavior of Agent v6 is preserved when you upgrade the Agent in the future, set `hostname_fqdn` to `false`. That said, we recommend you switch `hostname_fqdn` to `true` whenever possible.
```
